BD-3970: Add FAQ and minor detail to Audience Sync articles (#9024)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_partners/canvas_steps/faq.md

It is important to note that the user fields you can select to sync correlate with Braze standard attributes and the mobile advertising IDs. You must ensure you appropriately pass this data via our SDKs or APIs. 

### What happens when my data is being processed to send to each Audience Sync partner?

The data you select to send to your Audience Sync destination will be normalized. Each partner may have different specifications for data normalization based on their API requirements, so please review each partner-specific endpoint for further details.

In addition, Braze will hash all data before syncing users with our Audience Sync partners, ensuring that all PII is hashed using SHA256.

> ### Why can I select multiple identifiers in one step for some partners, but can only select one identifier per partner for others?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Why can I select multiple identifiers in one step for some partners, but can only select one identifier for others?
```

optional, but may be a little cleaner 🤷🏽

> This is determined by the partner integration methods, and not controlled by Braze. Some partners, such as Meta, allow multiple identifiers to be synced, and some partners, like Google, only allow one single identifier to be synced with a user at a time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is determined by the partner integration methods, and not controlled by Braze. Some partners (such as Meta) allow multiple identifiers to be synced, and other partners (such as Google) only allow a single identifier to be synced with a user at any given time.
```

Reviewer: the main bit was to swap the commas to parenthesis (since its a heavy comma sentence) and make the wording uniform for the example partners.

### How do I reconnect my integration?

> If the prior user who connected the integration is no longer with your business, you'll need to update the integration with the new user. You can do this by selecting **Confirm**. Note this may disrupt active Canvases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the prior user who connected the integration is no longer with your business, you'll need to update the integration with the new user. You can do this by selecting **Confirm**. Note that this may disrupt active Canvases.
```
